# The Algorithm

The Algorithm is what I have used in my embedded systems project by translating from mathematics model into syntax. Typically, these algorithms are deployed on systems that require high-level control and precision engineering. This algorithm aims to enhance by obtaining the margin error value from the output by utilizing the sensor, then the margin will be adjusted as feedback to the controller. Then the process will run a close-loop until optimal conditions are achieved by the system.<br><br><br>

## :large_blue_diamond: ESO Logic

Extended state observer (ESO) is featured with online estimating both the system's states and the total effect of external disturbance as well as nonlinear uncertain dynamics. The original ESO design proposed for the cascade-of-integrator system without measurement noise. In the last years, multifarious modified ESOs have also been developed to handle many engineering systems captured by the models with general nonlinear structure, time-delay, the noises with stochastic properties, and etc. Furthermore, some novel designs of ESO to deal with the estimation problem of uncertain nonlinear systems with time-delay and measurement biases are discussed. We believe this overview will be helpful for practitioners in applications of recent modified ESOs.<br><br>Source:<br><br>:one: X. Zhang, X. Zhang, W. Xue, and B. Xin, “An overview on recent progress of extended state observers for uncertain systems: Methods, theory, and applications,” Advanced Control for Applications, vol. 3, no. 2, Jun. 2021, doi: 10.1002/adc2.89.<br>:two: Y. Zhao, X. Liu, and Q. Zhang, “Predictive Speed-Control Algorithm Based on a Novel Extended-State Observer for PMSM Drives,” Applied Sciences, vol. 9, no. 12, p. 2575, Jun. 2019, doi: 10.3390/app9122575.<br>:three: Y. Huang, Z. W. Luo, M. Svinin, T. Odashima, and S. Hosoe, “Extended state observer based technique for control of robot systems,” IEEE Xplore, Jun. 01, 2002. https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/1020036.
